Restructure Project (#41)
Concordium/concordium-node-sdk-js: packages/rust-bindings/README.md

# concordium-rust-bindings

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.0-4baaaa.svg)](https://github.com/Concordium/.github/blob/main/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

> Bindings for rust function, that is to be used in the sdk's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bindings for the Rust functions that are used by the SDK.
```

## Building for a release
To build the package run
```
yarn build
```

> This compiles the rust into wasm with javascript wrappers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This compiles the Rust code into wasm with Javascript wrappers.
```

## Publishing a release
Before publishing a new release it is essential that it has been built first. So make sure that 
you have just built the up-to-date code you want to publish. To publish the release run
```
yarn publish
```

> and step through the steps precented to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and step through the steps presented to you.
```
